EPISODE 8
Don't do this.
Gyu-min,
please don't do this.
What are you trying to do?
What do you want?
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die with you.
Come on, move. Move.
Get out of the way.
MS. TAMBOURINE'S BOYFRIEND
Hello?
- Yes, I know who you are.
- If we start it on this day,
- we should be able to get it done.
- Yes.
- Dong-u.
- Yes?
What do you think is going on?
I think she's in love.
Right?
Then is it really true?
My gosh, is she really seeing someone?
Does that even make sense to you?
You didn't talk to her at all today?
No.
Did something happen to Jin-a?
I can't get a hold of her.
I thought something happened.
It's not like she's a kid.
I'm sure she's fine.
I know how much you care about her,
but don't spoil her.
All right.
If she comes to the office or calls you--
I'll let you know right away.
Thank you.
Don't worry too much.
All right.
Oh, hello.
I need to go into Seung-ho's room
for a moment.
- I see.
- Thank you.
Come in.
- There.
- Oh, that's okay.
My gosh, Jun-hui. Welcome.
What brings you here?
Are you here to eat with us?
No, I have to install something
on Seung-ho's computer.
I see. He plays computer games
all the time when he should be studying.
And you're encouraging him.
Just this once. Can I go into his room?
Yes, go ahead.
What's the matter?
It's nothing.
What's Lee Gyu-min's phone number?
Just give me his number.
Why do you need his number?
Just give it to me.
Gosh, I don't know his number.
But why do you ask?
Did something else happen?
I... I don't know either.
Just hurry up and find his number...
Damn it.
I do have his business card,
but it's at home.
Where did you put it?
Well... I think I put it
in one of the drawers under my desk.
Hey, what the heck is going on?
- I found it.
- What?
You found it?
You're in my room now?
Are you at my place?
- Seung-ho, I have to go.
- Hey, wait--
Gosh, what the hell is he up to?
Can we pull over for a minute?
I feel so nauseous right now.
I'm serious. I feel like throwing up.
Pull over, please.
Do you think I'm an idiot or what?
Jun-hui, have some fruit with us.
I'm sorry, Ms. Kim.
Something came up, so I have to go.
- Have a good evening.
- Hey, wait.
- Just let him leave.
- But still...
Hey, Jun-hui.
I feel like you know
something I don't know.
What are you talking about?
He said something came up.
Pull over or answer your phone!
Hey. Stop ignoring me, will you?
- Who the hell keeps calling?
- Pull over!
We could get into an accident.
- Pull over right now.
- Who the hell is this?
Hello?
You're with Jin-a now, aren't you?
Who the hell is this?
Who the fuck are you?
Are you all right? Are you okay, Jin-a?
Let me see.
You're bleeding.
We have to get back on the road.
We won't die from this.
Hey, you're bleeding right now.
Drive even faster so that we can roll off
a cliff together or something.
Why are you being like this?
Have you lost your mind?
You said you wanted to die with me.
Let's do it!
I'll grant your wish and die with you.
Come on. We don't even have to go far.
- I'll die with you right here.
- Hey, enough.
You crazy bitch!
How dare you swear at me!
You have no right to talk to me like that.
Hello?
Jin-a. It's you, right?
Yes,
it's me.
Where are you?
Where are you now?
Something happened, right?
Something must have happened.
Yes.
Where are you?
Jin-a, where are you right now?
Thank you.
You should go to a hospital first.
Please get in.
It hurts.
I'm looking for Yoon Jin-a.
She was taken in after a car accident.
She's being examined.
Go through that door
and it's on your right.
- I'm going to kill you.
- Hey.
- I swear I will end you!
- Break it up.
Calm down.
I have to question him for the accident.
You can talk to him later.
Come.
Later.
That little...
CT ROOM
Doctor. Is Yoon Jin-a...
- She's getting changed.
- Okay.
You're okay, right?
Yes.
Okay, then.
I'm sorry.
Let's get changed.
Are you doing all the work yourself?
Ask your boss to give you a raise.
Okay, then. Take care.
- Was that Jin-a?
- Yes.
She might spend the night at the office.
She has some reports to write up.
Gosh, I wonder if she'll ever find
the time to get married.
Goodness.
Oh, my.
Has Gyeong-seon not heard
from his father yet?
I guess not since she never mentioned him.
It's only going to give her
a headache if he calls now.
The kid he had with his third wife
probably just started elementary school.
He had a child with his second wife too.
Exactly.
Whom he gets married to
is none of my business.
They could've grown old together,
just the two of them.
But why do they have to have children
when he has full-grown ones already?
Gyeong-seon's mother was in torment
even on her deathbed
because of his infidelity.
Gyeong-seon got so sick and tired of that.
That's why she won't date or get married.
But Jun-hui should get married.
He should.
But what kind of woman would marry him?
His family tree is a mess.
Honestly, imagine if it were us.
Will you let Jin-a marry into that family?
I'd rather have her end up a spinster.
It's nonsense.
It's still bleeding,
so apply pressure on it
- and remove it later.
- Okay.
Ma'am, here. Thank you
for letting me borrow your phone.
- Tell me if you need anything.
- Thank you.
What did you do
with the patient on bed number four?
They said I can go now.
- Are you going to be okay?
- Yes.
What is it?
Are you angry?
No.
Yes, you are.
Not right now.
Then why won't you say anything?
Can you look at me?
What is there to look at?
You weren't like this at the hospital.
I was too overwhelmed to get angry.
So now that you are not,
you are getting angry?
I'm not angry.
Then why won't you even look at me?
I said I'm sorry.
Okay.
Just yell at me or something.
That would be better.
What is it?
Jun-hui.
I was sure that something
must have happened to you.
I hoped that I'd be wrong.
I felt like I was going crazy.
I regretted it so much.
I should've just bought you a new phone.
I should've gone to pick you up.
I shouldn't have left you alone.
You got me worried.
I realized
that I really can't live without you now.
I was going to get all mad
and yell at you,
but I missed the right timing.
Anger is bad for your health.
If you know that,
why do you get yourself in trouble
all the time?
Well, that's
what keeps our relationship
so exciting, don't you think?
I hate you.
What? You hate me?
You'll regret saying that.
I don't think so.
Are you sure?
I called my parents and told them
that I can't come home tonight.
Right, you hate me,
so you probably don't even care
whether I go home or not.
Let's hurry.
My gosh, you sure love to drink alone.
Aren't these beers from my place?
Yes, I brought them all.
Did you just get home from work?
Yes.
It doesn't look like
you came straight from work.
I'm old enough to know
that I shouldn't fall for that trick.
Oh, boy.
Hey, did you see Jin-a today
by any chance?
No. Why do you ask?
I can't get a hold of her
because her phone is broken. I miss her.
She's like your boyfriend.
No, I love her more
than I would love my own boyfriend.
Why don't you date someone?
Forget it.
Are you going to stay single forever?
Why? Are you worried
that I'd depend on you when I'm old?
Don't you worry.
I won't be a burden to you.
That's not what I meant.
You should meet a nice guy
and fall in love, don't you think?
I don't believe in love.
That's the only thing I learned from Dad.
We cut all ties with him,
so he's out of our lives for good now,
but you'd better not live like him
because I'll teach you a serious lesson.
Finish that and leave.
I'm going to bed.
What are you doing here?
I was worried
Gyeong-seon might come with you.
How did you even take a shower
if you were that anxious?
I washed up quickly
because I sweated so much earlier.
Do you have smaller pants?
That's it?
I didn't want to worry you,
so I tried to sort it out
on my own as soon as possible,
but it got out of hand.
I didn't mean to hide it from you.
I'm not saying we should share everything
just because we're in a relationship.
I don't even want that.
There's a line we shouldn't cross.
However,
what happened this time wasn't something
you needed to hide from me.
I know that I made a mistake.
I guess I thought
that I knew everything about him.
Because you guys shared everything?
Well, isn't that what everyone does
when they're in a relationship?
For example,
some couples have joint accounts
or open savings accounts together.
You've never done things like that
with your ex-girlfriends?
I don't think I ever did anything
just because everyone else does it.
Then will you say no if I suggest
we should do something
that all couples do?
Why are you being so unreasonable?
I'm not being unreasonable.
Well, fine.
I'll never suggest anything, then.
Why do you have to twist it like that?
I'm not making anything up here.
You said that's what you want.
Then I should respect that.
I can't make you do
what you don't want to do.
Let's change the topic.
No, tell me more. What's different
about the relationships you've been in?
Tell me what was so special about them.
Let's...
Let's just go to bed.
Go ahead. I want to drink more.
Gosh, I think
I'm getting a headache again.
I was just...
embarrassed and ashamed of what happened,
so I ended up taking it out on you.
I'm already regretting
how stupid I was in the past.
But it sounded like
you were adding on to that,
so it made me get angry.
I'm already upset for upsetting you,
and I'm sorry for making you worry.
That's why...
Are you really sleeping?
Say it to me out loud.
Say it.
- You're so petty.
- Come on.
Forget it. I'm not going to say it.
Jun-hui.
Jun-hui, it's me.
Turn that off.
- Hey.
- I just wanted to record you something
- since I have your phone with me.
- No, I don't want to listen to this.
- Please don't do this to me. Turn it off.
- Thank you.
No.
- Stop it.
- Thank you for caring about me
and loving me.
- Gosh, I don't want to listen to this.
- That's why
- when someone's in love,
- I can't.
- Turn it off.
- they should love like you do.
- I can't take this.
- Jun-hui.
I love you
with all my heart.
I'll love you longer.
I will love you...
And I'll love you more.
...for a long time.
EMPLOYEE SATISFACTION
AND WORKPLACE DISCRIMINATION SURVEY
Where are the survey results?
Employees working outside the office
haven't handed them in yet.
- Where are we going to have the dinner?
- I don't think
they've decided on that either.
Pleasing women is the hardest thing to do.
Come in.
You need to face the consequences
for eavesdropping.
What do you...
How would I ever dare to...
I'm sorry if I made you think that way.
I'm really sorry, sir.
Do you think that will do?
Well, I do have more.
I think you should give
the female employees bonuses
instead of holding the dinner.
And why should I?
I think the majority of them
are refusing to attend company dinners.
That means they've really had enough.
How much is it?
I wrote that I no longer want
to attend company dinners.
I think everyone did.
I wrote that I'll follow the majority.
I just left it blank.
Even the four of us wrote different stuff,
so how can we ever reach a consensus?
And why did you leave it blank?
I wrote down everything that happened
including the names.
Excuse me.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
Here you are.
Hello.
- Enjoy your meal.
- Thank you.
It feels empty without Ms. Yoon.
- Ma'am.
- Yes?
- Three fermented soybean soup, please.
- Okay.
By the way, who's she dating?
Is she dating someone?
Yes, she's completely head over heels.
She told me everything.
What?
Do you know anything?
No, I'm in shock myself.
You don't want to go?
No.
Don't you know that China
has the biggest market?
Gaming and animation markets
are rapidly growing in China.
It's our chance
to expand into new markets.
I know that,
but why does it have to be me?
We need to make a proposal.
We got an offer from China.
They offered to collaborate with us.
It's a great opportunity.
You should send someone else.
It wouldn't be as long
as your last stay in the US.
You just need to be there
for a few months.
I really can't go.
You can't?
Why can't you go?
I want to stay with my girlfriend.
Have you gone mad?
Okay, fine.
I'll admit that dating is important.
But come on. It's not even for a year.
It's just for three months.
- I still can't go.
- Do you want me to just fire you?
- Fine, go ahead.
- What?
- I have work to do. I'll excuse myself.
- Hey.
I have something to do.
Hey, did you piss off the CEO?
The team manager's going to kill you.
Plus, what's so bad about
going on a business trip?
You're right.
That's why you should go instead.
Hey, don't cause any trouble.
Just do what they tell you to do.
Jun-hui.
Why are you making a big deal
out of having a girlfriend?
Is that why you refused to go?
Because of Geum--
Who?
I mean, he's not going to be gone forever.
Aren't I right?
You can't convince me to go.
You'll need to send someone else.
You might get fired for real.
Do you want my resignation letter?
- Hey, what are you doing?
- I should write one.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Everyone regrets their past.
I'm not regretting.
I just can't believe
that I once went out with that guy.
I'm just disappointed in myself.
But you wised up and chose Jun-hui.
That's not true.
I just fell for him without knowing it.
And thankfully,
he hasn't made me regret it yet.
I can't guarantee the future,
but I think you two will last a long time.
Really?
Jun-hui loves you so much.
It's amazing.
I knew you were going to tease me.
I'm not teasing. I'm amazed.
I told you that he called me
when he couldn't reach you.
Looking back, something didn't
feel right back then.
Like how?
I answered half-heartedly.
I said it's not a big deal for an adult
to miss a few phone calls.
And I thought he was overreacting.
But I think he sensed
that something was not right.
You must be very happy.
I really am. It's almost intimidating.
- Thank you.
- Number 257, please come to the window.
Have a nice day.
We understand, but...
Welcome.
- Number 258.
- Have a nice day.
Customer number 258?
Please fill in the marked items.
Can I have your photo ID, please?
- Thank you.
- Customer 259, please come to the counter.
Have a nice day.
Customer 273, please come to the window.
Goodbye.
Hello.
Jin-a.
- You're doing it again.
- How did you know?
I'm not falling for that again.
I should take my shoes off.
You can't get me.
You little...
Should we have gone together to buy this?
The sooner you get it, the better.
Good job.
You went through a lot of trouble today.
You won't have to worry from now on.
Everything has been sorted out.
Then I should try my best for us.
You are already doing it.
Bo-ra told me
that you were really worried about me.
You always get into trouble
when you're alone.
I told you I pulled myself together.
When do you get off from work
after you go back to the office?
There's a meeting among female employees,
so I can't miss it.
That's bad news. But what meeting?
Are you in some kind of a secret society?
No.
Regarding sexual harassment
in the office...
Everyone is hesitant
about reporting sexual harassment cases.
I understand them.
I used to be like them too.
That means you no longer are.
Yes. I'm trying hard to change.
I'm trying because I don't want you
to worry about me.
That's touching.
This is nothing.
Yes. It's not quite enough.
What?
I don't want to hide our relationship
anymore.
Let's make it public before we get caught.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
Why leave me out of it?
Oh, you.
That's not the only thing.
You know about this too.
He came out of nowhere
and started touching my arm.
- I feel like throwing up.
- Me too.
I told him to stop, but he won't.
- That's enough.
- But there's more.
Ms. Choi in the Purchasing Team
was going to the restroom...
- Oh, no. Was that when...
- All right. Stop.
When I told you to write it up,
you didn't do anything.
Should I just record everything?
That's a good idea.
It could be more impactful.
We're the victims. Why are we hiding?
We don't need to be ashamed of anything.
Did Ms. Tambourine just say that?
I did.
You heard it right.
PORK RINDS
It's not just our company.
Other companies are having the same issue.
You know, Mr. Na of that dairy company...
He got sued for sexual harassment
in the workplace.
Women are scary.
We should be careful too.
- Why are the portions so small?
- One more soju, please.
- Actually,
- Coming!
I won Yoon Jin-a over to our side.
You did?
How did you do it?
I talked her into it.
I said I was only trying
to get along with everyone.
I told her she must understand.
Then what?
Did she buy it?
Of course she did.
I also told her
that she should cut you some slack
as well.
I asked her for all of us then and there.
Dong-u, there's no meat on the grill.
Oh, right.
I'm sorry, sir.
Jin-a was so good at this.
She knew how to please Mr. Nam.
- Goodbye.
- Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Nam.
Thank you.
Shall we go do karaoke for a second round?
Let's go home early.
Mr. Nam, I'll come with you. Mr. Nam!
How about we go by ourselves?
We're all guys here. It's no fun.
Let's just go. Let's go.
Through the cigarette smoke
And the glamorous outfit
What I see in the mirror is
I see myself worn out
In this life so different
And you, you are forgotten
Turn me back to the old me
Back to who I was before I met you
You hurt me so deeply
That I just can't let go of it
I hope
That you meet someone who's just like you
If you ever fall in love again
Am I invisible because of her?
This love is so painful
That I can't breathe
I'll wish you happiness
I'll pray with all my soul
If you leave me because you loathe me
I will let you go without a word
I'll pick an armful of azaleas
And strew them over your path
When you leave me
Please tread softly on them
If you leave me because you loathe me
I'll never shed a single drop of tear
- Hello.
I'm here to meet my boyfriend.
Oh, I see. Have a good night.
Good night.
My gosh.
Gosh, look at my face.
I look horrible now.
Why is this in my purse?
Isn't that a tambourine?
- Is that...
- Why is this here?
You're so hot.
What? What did you say?
Nothing.
- You must be bored.
- Don't come here.
You look perfect now. Stay right there.
Keep working.
I'll be done soon. Just a moment.
I'm here, dude.
- Hey, did you...
- Oh, no.
Hey, what...
Hey.
What should I do now? What was I thinking?
Gosh.
Hey.
Don't overreact when she comes back, okay?
- Okay?
- Don't overreact? Look who's talking.
My gosh, how could the two of you...
I feel so betrayed.
What?
Hello... I mean,
I'm sorry about that, Ms. Yoon.
- Don't worry about it.
- Thank you.
So I guess I should...
- Congratulations
- Hey, stop it.
- I told you to stop.
- May your relationship
- Hey, seriously.
- Last forever
- I'm sorry.
- It looks like he's very drunk.
- Yes, he is so drunk.
Hey, you should...
- Where did you get this?
- What?
- This.
- The tambourine?
I will...
tell my parents.
Let's tell them together.
No, I can do it alone. I'll be fine.
Then I'll tell Gyeong-seon--
I want to tell her myself.
I should.
She'll feel so betrayed
when she finds out.
If I keep hiding behind you,
she'll be even more disappointed in me.
To tell you the truth,
I'm more worried about how she will react
than how my parents will.
She means so much to me.
She might be okay with it
because she knows that.
I really hope so.
That will make me very happy.
Can we talk for a few minutes?
- I heard you met up with Jun-hui.
- What are you going to do now?
I didn't know
that things would come this far.
Fine, it somehow ended up like this.
But...
What are you going to do now?
It's only a matter of time
before Mom and Dad find out.
I heard even Gyeong-seon doesn't know yet.
Jun-hui told me that he doesn't care.
He's just saying that.
My gosh.
Why do you always cause trouble
every time you date someone?
What did I do?
Anyway,
I'm thinking about telling Mom and Dad.
What do you think?
Consider yourself lucky
if they don't kick you out.
To be honest, I'm not sure about Dad.
But I'm sure about how Mom will react.
She'll at least pass out.
I mean...
No one knows what will happen
between you guys.
But what if you guys break up?
Don't you know that we'll have to cut ties
with Jun-hui and Gyeong-seon forever?
I won't let that happen.
That's just your wish.
Do you think you guys are special?
You aren't any different from others.
We're different.
It's going to be different,
so what you're worrying about
will never happen.
I mean...
Seriously. Why did he have to say
that we might break up?
It's as if he can't wait
to see us breaking up.
Are we forbidden to date each other?
Why? What's wrong with that?
Right. There's nothing wrong
with us dating.
Yes. You're right.
I'm right.
What a joke.
Jin-a, have confidence.
Do you even talk to yourself
while brushing your teeth now?
My gosh, who in the world
is going to marry you?
Seo Jun-hui.
- What?
- What? What's wrong?
- What did you just say?
- Nothing.
Be quiet on your way to your room.
Seung-ho's studying.
Goodness.
My gosh.
Mom. Dad.
I'm dating Jun-hui.
Mom, I'm seeing Jun-hui.
And you guys can't stop me.
I'm still going to date him.
I am...
seeing someone right now.
And that is...
Jun...
I'm dating Jun-hui.
We're dating.
You won't be able to stop us.
We're going to keep dating.
Go kill yourself!
I'm really sorry.
I'm dating Jun-hui.
I didn't know this would happen.
I know it's my own heart.
But I couldn't control it.
I couldn't stop myself.
I'm also going through a hard time.
Can't you just understand me?
Are you sure you'll be fine?
Tell me if you need help.
I'll go to your house
instead of going to work.
You really don't need to.
I can do it on my own.
I know you can. I just don't feel good
about you doing it alone.
They won't beat me up, right?
I'm all grown up now.
Am I supposed to stay still
even if you get beaten up?
You can come and watch.
How are you so confident?
It's like you have faith in something.
Yes, I do have faith in myself.
I thought you would say
you have faith in me.
Of course, I have faith in you.
You're the only one
who will forever be on my side.
You're such a sweet-talker.
I'm sweet in every way.
I'm going to hang up.
You say that too often.
You're sweet.
Let me ask you one last time.
Can you really do it alone?
My gosh, that's enough. Bye.
Come in.
What are you doing?
What? Oh, well...
I'm separating my old notebooks
from my recent ones.
Where's Mom?
At an herbal clinic with Seung-ho.
Don't you have something to tell me?
I told you
that I'm ready to listen
to whatever you have to say.
You can tell me anything.
Dad.
Where's Jun-hui?
What?
You're not crying, are you?
Please don't scold Jun-hui.
Do you like him that much?
Please check him too.
He's like a son to me.
- My mom will definitely faint.
- Gosh.
You'll witness that soon.
I'll let it slide if you bring me
any evidence regarding that.
I've always been nothing but nice to you,
Ms. Yoon.
- Do you have time tonight?
- Don't mind me.
Who is it?
- Seo Jun-hui.
- What?
Her boyfriend.
- Why?
- What?
What?
Gyeong-seon.
I can't live without you.
Don't give Jin-a a hard time.
I only thought about Jun-hui.
I did not take anyone else
into consideration.
That's how we ended up like this.
Subtitle translation by Lee Ja-won